hello everybody but a video of the fable of
rock and now we are going to win or should
Where are we going
the ducati's stand and that's it
playing to the ducati's booth is also
this guy stay a lot on the bike
on another bike
this one anybody monstra of that
monster place
there were six already is 2014 promises snow and here
in selection must have bids increase
is not only make the guy shows
including the plate connected to the contact and
I could go making should not take
child in fu degree starts in another
ducati monster white cat monster
where the motorcycle panel is located.
banese is good - looking even the little ring
cat monster of the caona very crazy
I love being what the Chinese front demonstrates
that the guy is on the bike here already
another cat 1,099 cat scheme
Paniago Niggli friends Panigale whatever
who will need to take a photo with this
here the bike because there what ever now
already starting to enter our fort since
speed bikes are right
all bikes here moto speed show
here her panel very quickly.
Crazy
Look at the air outlet, there's the boy.
william
the air outlet here is the area control and
hello will do it our old this bike
with much never comes gives a book Eca
back but every cheap escape fell
escape the bike is there our life a
book on that old back kintto lucas
The bike as it exchanges this bike is very
in the celeriac calander with the next to
the head is the same
even the bike but look a year ago the bike
as a junction
Let's continue here.
our big trail hill roads
beautiful view panel to rock
explain trick your bikes here are bikes
more speech
there is no other like show nelson father
to the panel zamboni has a computer
is going all over and here we have what
1.900 nor 1 199 pane gallen
our idea your motorcycle also this bike
very crazy at a glance
take a look because everyone button
You took a sedative on the photo.
this posture was very much on the way only
got cast tops that we have here is the
same
come on then here's the pick
Let's see you are the bikes of the
Ducati booth tonight why not
know
This is the most feared only that which wins.
is thinking
anoé is not but it is in your name of this motorcycle
but the sound of it is beautiful to the panel .
escape the illusion taste
this one is the same as it will not
no sign and pretty bike is yours
notebook is another do not know which model
but also a big-trail another big trail
It's just here too.
I do not know the name she is either.
inserted in the bike there makes beautiful in who
likes moto is one who is fan of
cat is just here seeing that I was
looking a million is that here the cat
diavel carbon this bike is very crazy
also in the moral this bike in the back of the
wet cheap
Look at the back of the bag is crazy
This bike shows Mom
the other was already a pilot and another was already
A bit of crazy here is the news
far away I found a little charlie the anac will
some noise to learn more about the
very old top motorcycle gives a book
digital gear indicator indicator
march digital dashboard is both
on good panel not digital panel there
march with markers and some
other information as if it were a
crazy computer on board your motorbike
This one is too long.
look another one of them only that highlighted
It's good to see this very old fashion top
Crazy havel
Let's see if any more here I think
It's the same as it's the same and that's it
We then closed the booth there.
ducati there for you
the two-wheeler family of the
rouanet
went